# Overview
The following project illustrates the MicroEJ external resource loader feature (used for resources stored on non-byte-addressable memories).

## ExternalImages
This example displays images supposed to be in the external resources.

### Requirements
- MicroEJ 4.1 or later.
- Java platform with (at least) EDC-1.2.3, MICROUI-2.0.6, BON-1.2.4 and containing the module `External Resources Loader`.

### Project structure
- `src/main/java`
     - Java sources
- `src/main/resources`
     - Images supposed to be in the external resources.
- `src/main/c`
    - C sources

## Running the application on simulator
Using MicroEJ, you may deploy and run your application on an embedded target (if the hardware and related BSP are available) or you may run your application on a Java simulator mimicking the behavior of your embedded target.

## Building for the simulator

* Select **Run > Run Configurations...** menu item
* Select **MicroEJ Application** group
* Create a new configuration:
    * In **Project** field, Click the **Browse** button and select **Example-ExternalResourceLoader**
	* In **Execution** tab
		* In **Target** frame
			* Click the **Browse** button next to the JPF Field and select your platform
		* In **Execution** frame
			* Notice that "Execute on SimJPF" radio button option is checked
	* Click on "Run"
	
## Running the application on target

### Building for the target

* Select **Run > Run Configurations...** menu item
* Select **MicroEJ Application** group
* Create a new configuration:
    * In **Project** field, Click the **Browse** button and select **Example-ExternalResourceLoader**
	* In **Execution** tab
		* In **Target** frame
			* Click the **Browse** button next to the JPF Field and select your platform
		* In **Execution** frame
			* Notice that "Execute on EmbJPF" radio button option is checked
	* Click on "Run"

### Opening the generated C project (BSP specific)
* From the **Project Explorer** view
	* Navigate to the [**-bsp/Project/MicroEJ/MDK-ARM](**-bsp/Project/MicroEJ/MDK-ARM) folder
	* Double-click on the [Project.uvproj](C**-bsp/Project/MicroEJ/MDK-ARM/Project.uvproj) file (this will open the BSP project in the MicroVision IDE)

### Linking (BSP specific)
* From the MicroVision IDE
	* Select **Project > Build Target** menu item (or press F7 keyboard shortcut)

### Flashing the board (BSP specific)
* Connect your board
* Select **Flash > Download** menu item (or press F8 keyboard shortcut).

## LLEXT implementations

### LLEXT_static_array.c
This file should be part of a MICROEJ -bsp project and is the low level driver for the external resource module.
This implementation simply stores the images in a static array (as PNG encoded).
You can also use decoded images (bitmap) generated by the image generator in MicroEJ.

## Changes
- First release: ExternalImages example and LLEXT_static_array.c.

## License
See the license file `LICENSE.md` located at the root of this repository.